CASCADE (C) 1997-1998 Richard W.M. Jones (rich@annexia.org)

From an original idea by ...? It comes from a DOS program
that I owned years ago. The fact that it was a DOS program
means it must have been at least 10 years ago. If anyone
can remember who first wrote this game, I'll put them in
the credits here.

Compiling and installing
------------------------

1) Edit the Makefile, if you're not using a Linux system.

2) Type:
    make

3) If all went well, install the cascade binary by hand, eg:
    cp cascade /usr/local/games

Running
-------

Cascade starts with a board the same size as your window. Large
xterms produce games that are actually too hard to play. So
for first time players, and quick games, try setting your
terminal size to 60x25 with a large font.

Not implemented
---------------

The Internet play option is not yet implemented! There's a
quick project for someone.

Difficulty levels 4 and 5 are not yet implemented! They are
intended so that the computer actually looks more than
one move ahead. See `machine.c'.

Rules
-----

Remove the letters. Each time you type a letter (or number),
all those letters on the board disappear. The balls (bold
`o's) fall down through the remaining letters.

If a ball hits a `-' (minus) sign, then the negate flag is
toggled on or off.

If a ball hits a `*' (double) sign, then the double flag is
toggled on or off.

If a ball hits a `$' (bonus) sign, then you score:

    +8	if double is on
    +4	if neither double nor negate is on
    -4	if negate is on
    -8	if both double and negate are on

When balls reach the bottom, they fall into your score bucket.
Your bucket is on the left, the computer's bucket is on the
right. For each ball you get, you score:

    +2	if double is on
    +1	if neither double nor negate is on
    -1	if negate is on
    -2	if both double and negate are on

I think you get the idea now, no? Good players toggle the double
flag, get as many balls and bonuses as possible and leave
the double AND negate flags on at the end of their turn. If
you set the computer's play level to 3, then it will do
just that on every turn, making it a formidable opponent.
